chore: add new blogs (#458)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2024-02-21-tetragon/index.md

---
date: '2024-02-21T12:40:00.000Z'

> title: 'Tetragon: Deeper host network observability with eBPF'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Isovalent Enterprise for Tetragon: Deeper Host Network Observability with eBPF'
```

ogImage: ogimage.webp
ogSummary: 'A comprehensive guide on the network eBPF-powered observability capabilities of Tetragon'

> externalUrl: 'https://isovalent.com/blog/post/tetragon-network-observability-dashboards/'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
externalUrl: 'https://isovalent.com/blog/post/tetragon-deeper-host-network-observability-with-ebpf/'
```
